sushant >> ravi
Hi Team,
This is to inform you that in 2024, after much research and going by your claim of TDS and "LOW MAINTENANCE", and the fact that this company was started by an IITian, I though that it would be a credible company and went for it.

Installation was done in first week of October, 2024. But by December the tank started leaking and I raised a complaint. It was fixed at that time.

Now coming to September, 2025, on 18th/19th, I randomly checked the tds of filtered water. It turned out to be 220. This was way high than at the beginning, which was around 100.
I raised a ccomplaint again. But to my shock, it sas told to me to have maintenance of the filter after 6 months from installation, as the filter warranty is only 6 months. Also, by 9-12 months, the  filters are required to be changed. 

This was really shocking for me for more than 1 reason. 

First, we are only 3 members in the family and we use this water only for drinking. Cooking etc is taken care by ground water.
Second, only reason to go for Peore was it's claim of saving 15,000/- in 5 years, but here you are asking me to get the filters changed by the 9th month. It was my volunary check that revealed that TDS has grown to 220, it is highly possible that TDS increase was gradual and that the filters had degraded long back.
Third, your watsapp chatbot doesn't work. Your customer care person is like a chat bot who keeps repeating the same thing ,that I have to pay for the filters. But doesn't acknowldge my concerm. Your senior manager, Sushant, is no different and he almost mocks saying that you will get a call from my manager. This is just some kind of delay tactic.
Just now got a call from your manager , Ravi, and he is saying that TDS has increased because 1 year is approaching. But he is not answering if he has any past TDS reading of my filter, to confirm the filter was working fine for say 11th month and it has failed only after that.

I am feeling cheated because the claim of low maintenance and savings is a hoax, because this filter doesn't even work for very small families for a full year. So you should stop claiming that and also mention these caveats in your claim on your website.

